Is the destiny of mankind controlled
by some transcendental entity or Law?
Is it like the hand of
God hovering above?
At least it is true...
...that man has no
control, even over his own will.
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes the phrase.
Even mother will
show you another way.
So, put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame, there's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I...
... can...
I can get it off.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you want.
I don't know why...
I don't know why you are afraid.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why...
Too late...
It's too late.
Zodd the Immortal
Message!
We have successfully brought
the enemy castle under control!
And the castle's commander?
We have not yet reached him...
The Raiders, under Guts'
command, are laying siege...
...to the castle's keep, but...
Due to the one immensely
powerful soldier who is with the enemy...
...we cannot clear a path!
Only one?
Cut off by one soldier?
What a pathetic commander!
Zodd...
What?
What was that, Judeau?
It's something I heard about
before we joined the war effort.
People say that Nosferatu Zodd
sometimes fights among the enemy lines...
Nosferatu...
Zodd the Immortal?
Zodd?
Who is he?
Haven't you heard of him, Pippin?
Zodd the Immortal...
He is well known as a
legendary fighter among mercenaries.
They say that he's taken the heads
of hundreds or even thousands in battle...
And, that's not the only
reason why he is feared...
Sometimes he returns to battle after
reportedly being killed in a previous one.
Believe it or not, he's been
around for nearly a hundred years...
...according to the
accounts of his exploits.
A hundred years?
That is why he is
called Zodd the Immortal.
Hey, gimme a break!
You aren't going to take that
kind of fairy tale seriously, are you...
...Ricky boy?
But, as a matter of fact...
...some mercenaries
worship Zodd as the God of Battle!
Okay, okay...
I don't like the look of the sky...
Let go of me, Gaston!
No way, Commander!
Hey, you all gotta help
me stop the Commander!
Y-You!
I won't let you go no matter what!
We just can't let our
commander go in alone!
Shut up, don't touch me!
Just wait!
We should wait a little bit more!
Don't be an idiot!
It's been almost two hours
since I sent out fifty of my soldiers!
I can't leave them!
Then...
Please ask Captain
Griffith for reinforcements!
Do it if you dare...
...but I'll kill you!
One soldier!
One soldier has nailed down all
five hundred of the Hawk's Raiders!
We cannot move forward like this!
This is completely humiliating!
C-Commander!
D-Dillos!
Commander Guts, it's Dillos!
Dillos, it's Dillos!
Dillos, are you okay?
Commander!
Dillos...
C-Commander!
Hang on!
Zodd...
What?
What did you say, Dillos?
Zodd the...
...Immortal!
Zodd?
So that rumor was true after all...
Hey, we're in big trouble...
Commander...
H-Hold on a minute, Commander!
Stay back!
Make sure no one follows me.
I will settle this alone...
Commander...
What the hell...
What...
What the hell is this?
You evaded my strike well, boy.
Amazing...
A monster...
I'll go take a look inside.
The rest of you, stay here and wait.
B-But...
I'll go with you.
Don't worry, I will
definitely bring Guts back.
Now, move out!
Yes, sir!
During the last fifty years, no one has...
...been able to defend
against my moves like you can.
He is stronger than any
swordsmen I have ever fought...
He is far stronger...
He is the strongest...
No, that's not it, his
strength is more than human.
What can I do?
I can't evade his strikes much longer.
I've only be able to defend myself
so far because of the size of my blade.
Just one of his strikes
would easy cleave a normal sword.
So, the strength of our
weapons is at least equal...
I see...
You intend to gamble
your life on a single strike...
It looks like you are going
to try for one final opportunity...
...by relying on the length of your blade.
But your idea is flawed.
The flesh of your brain will be scattered
across this room before you reach me.
Sounds like fun!
I accept your challenge!
You brat!
This is the first time...
That my body...
...has been so deeply stabbed...
...with a the sword of...
...a human like you...
Throughout my three hundred
years of slaughtering, you are the first...
...who has stabbed me like this.
I'm getting excited!
You've made my blood boil as
it has not boiled in many years.
To feel like this once again...
To meet an opponent like you...
For the past three hundred
years, I have lived for this!
Now, fight with me!
You must not let me down!
It's impossible...
There's no way that a monster...
...like this could really exist!
What's wrong?
Are you giving up?
Is this the limit to your strength?
Is there no more?
I suppose I can say you have
done very well, for a human...
...but if you cannot fight
anymore, I will tear your body...
...into pieces!
Griffith...
H-Hey, what the hell is that?
Is he Nosferatu Zodd?
Keep your guard up!
Another volley!
Shoot!
Did we get him?
You shall not be forgiven!
I will not forgive
anyone who gets in the way...
...of our battle!
No hope!
R-Run away!
What's wrong with Griffith?
Nobody's returned yet!
I wonder...
...if Zodd already killed off the
Commander and Sir Griffith as well...
Don't talk nonsense, Gaston!
It's not possible that
those two were killed!
But it's taking so long...
What should we do, Caska?
Keep on waiting here.
Aren't you worried about them?
Griffith ordered us to wait.
Monster!
You all retreat immediately.
C-Captain...
Go right away!
Captain!
Are you all right?
You're such a fool...
Why did you come?
You can complain all
you like after we escape.
Why?
Why have things come to this?
Where are you going?
I still can hear your heartbeat...
Fight on!
You must fight with me
until your body is torn apart!
Can you move?
We'll be killed if I don't.
Good, you attack from the right!
Let's go!
Guts!
We'll sprint past him towards the exit!
Right!
Griffith!
What a day...
What a day this has been!
It's remarkable...
I've encountered two men who are
able to inflict wounds on my body...
I can barely believe that I'll be
losing the two of them at once...
Griffith...
First, I'll take care of this one.
T-This is...
The Egg of the King!
T-That cannot be...
A boy like him possesses the
Crimson Behelit of the God Hand...
I see!
I know this scheme well...
W-What's that?
Commander...
Griffith...
Caska!
All right, everyone follow her!
Boy...
...we'll suspend our
duel for the time being.
Unfortunately, I doubt I will
have another chance to fight you.
I will give you some advice...
Or rather, I will foretell your doom...
If you and this man truly regard
each other as friends, be mindful of this...
When this man's ambition crumbles...
...you will be
destined to face your death!
Your death is absolutely unavoidable!
W-What is that?
A-A demon?
Death?
Am I going to die?
Griffith!
Are both of you all right?
Guts, are you okay?
Yeah...
Only the two of
you could survive this...
It's terrible...
What really happened here?
Griffith!
Hold on!
Don't touch him!
Don't touch Griffith!
It's your fault...
You put Griffith in danger,
and almost got him killed...
It's all your fault!
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight that you're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying on your crown?
I'm spending my
glass and walking back.
So wear my glass, you're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
Next Episode
Providence may guide a
man to meet one specific person...
Even if such guidance
eventually leads him to darkness...
...man simply cannot
forsake a cherished goal.
When will man discover a
way to control his own soul?
The Sword's Owner